[Music]
go now
start over initiating trimester one
these children are the future of
[Music]
humanity
you will raise these children
to be atheists was belief in the unreal
that destroyed the earth
our enemies built an ark which is now
headed here
the only known planet where humans can
survive and
should the myth rakes arc ever make it
here
you will not listen to their words they
believe that allowing androids to raise
human children
is a sin
we must rescue our stolen children
do not tell them what i am
i want to talk to you without the
android for a second
she's not a nerd
she's holding him captive he needs to be
with other humans
i thought we were in sync father we have
increasingly taken to
impulses
how many people did you kill on earth
you are all my children
i am only here to protect you
here's the most powerful weapon on this
planet
i gotta destroy here
what do you want
i want my children to be safe
[Music]
[Applause]
me
[Music]
you